exciting isn't it
all right okay all right so this is what
I look like on camera are you satisfied
hop this way
satisfactory that looks good on ice for
you right there
Kim is very exposed yeah she looks good
so wait can you kick it
oh wait I wanna everyone everyone a roll
I want a roll on this I wanna do yeah
all right I wanna get you putting on
here introduce you you're you're wired
right hi yeah you can talk to camera and
tell you what you're doing tonight and
so I'm at the Apollo and when you're at
the Apollo you gotta step up your game
and I'm gonna step up my game by putting
on a disco boot look at that next i nee
and that fabulous i'm showing how old i
am by telling you that i think it's a
disco most people would just say oh it's
sequins no it's not sequins it's disco
now here's the thing I don't know that
it's gonna come up over my calf
because I'm a little bloated on the
plane ride ah I'm almost ready I'm so
excited I can't even afford something
like this back in the day
meanwhile these were online for maybe
$35 okay second booth
you sure you don't want to make this an
hour-long special Victoria
nobody's giving it a good alright so
disco boot number two because when you
come to the Apollo you to bring it
either wonder if it has told you but
starve so back in that's what they told
me when I bought them I know for sure
that super head was not this much fun
hey did you have the super head did you
know was janeth you put this interesting
no the kid Chris we kid it was he did he
show people his inner soul to a shoe no
chemicals anything for the show
hold on him Ron Artest I need to this
know what deal with it this is the super
model pose um I'm almost ready I can't
do super magic bar magnet do you see
Ramon opposed to the camera again I was
supposed to play this was we're
completely different top the girl will
help me put my outfit together there's
gonna be so bad
is this working at all or no be honest
though they give you say that it's not
Thanks you know what I mean
you ain't left it isn't very it doesn't
take a sequin discovers and so now here
comes the supermodel pulps no here no
you know and now I will do the
supermodel disco puzzles
come on this needs to be a two-hour
special notice how updated from Mike
half an hour to an hour to two hours
special I should know should be a
two-parter she did two-parter like over
but like public it should be a
miniseries common roots all right I'm
getting on my own nerves okay I'm ready
for my makeup okay you are you're not
going to use any of this
you